c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\NIOSHApp.dll
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\NIOSHApp.pdb
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\obj\Debug\NIOSHApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\obj\Debug\NIOSHApp.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\obj\Debug\NIOSHApp.Pages.MasterPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\obj\Debug\NIOSHApp.Pages.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\obj\Debug\NIOSHApp.Pages.MenuPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\obj\Debug\NIOSHApp.dll
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\obj\Debug\NIOSHApp.pdb
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\obj\Debug\NIOSHApp.Pages.CalcularPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\obj\Debug\NIOSHApp.Pages.AdjuntarPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\obj\Debug\NIOSHApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\soygo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\NIOSHApp\bin\Debug\NIOSHApp.dll.mdb
